Parking
What's wrong with adults
I don't know. I just feel a little flustered.
As if something bad had happened
My lord, you are seriously injured
It may be that the injury is fine.
Just go.
How long until we get there?
It will arrive in ten minutes.
I'm going to see my daughter soon.
Mom misses you so much, let's go
Hello in-law
I am Wu Jingguo
The first meeting was abrupt
Brought you some gifts
Don't dislike it
Who are you? I don't know you.
i
Is the mother of your daughter-in-law
Xiao Wu is my long-lost daughter
I'm back now, Wu.
Mr. Wu according to your instructions
I have already negotiated with them about cooperation.
What Wang Jiazhuo?
The big man you mentioned is him.
You did as he ordered
Did you just cooperate with our Sun family?
Mr. Wu is a famous entrepreneur outside
Your Sun family will be blessed after marrying his daughter
After that, my own mother came to the door
If I let his mother know about my domestic violence and he forced him to divorce, wouldn't I be finished?
Mr. Wu, please take a seat
Where's my daughter?
Bite me